So let's assume that we're done with our audiences and we just simply want to delete it.
How we do that the way to do that is quite simple actually.
So now let's go to our RLDS class and within our audience class after our restore method let's just
say to eat.
And from there of course we're going to have to provide an identifier to this method as we all the methods
all the other methods of AWOS are the client.
And let's just print out that deleting RLDS instance with name and B identifier and let's just return
self-taught client dot delete D-B instance.
And if I hit Enter I'm going to pass in the DB instance identifier as this and there is a flag from
A W-S as Skip final snapshot.
So what this means is that when we try to delete a RLDS instance on a US AWOS automatically takes a
snapshot of that D-B before deleting it.
So if we pass in true within this method AWOS won't be able to take a backup take a snapshot before
we delete this instance so it's going to simply delete this Aston's right away.
But if you set this flag to false and you're going to have to provide a final D-B snapshot identifier
to be created on AWOS.
So I'm going to simply say skip file snapshot as true.
And here we go.
Let's just go to our deployment class and let's just define a method and delete the B.
Let's get our Yes and Flete database.
So to delete that database I'm going to use since we have launched a database from our previous snapshot
I can simply call it for this database.
And here we go.
So if I go down and call this method just like this let's see what's going to happen.
Here we go.
Our Arrius sensors must be deleted on a WS.
And as you can see this being deleted right now and if we also want to delete the pulse post be we can
just simply provide the identifier here and we can just delete it.
Just like that.